In the open source release of esx-boot, several RSA keys are shipped
in the directory "localkeys".

------------------------
Secure boot signing keys
------------------------

test_sb2017 - Private key that the esx-boot package uses to sign its
components for Secure Boot, for test purposes only.  This key is not
secret, and UEFI firmware should not be configured to trust it other
than temporarily when testing.  It is provided to illustrate how
signing the bootloader works.  If you want to build your own
bootloader, sign it, and trust the signing key, you could create your
own key, keep the private side secret, and use it instead of
test_sb2017.

--------------------------------------
VIB and early boot module signing keys
--------------------------------------

test_esx67 - Private key that can be used to sign ESXi VIBs and early
boot modules, for test purposes only.  This key is not secret.  When
checking the signatures of early boot modules, esx-boot's "mboot-test"
build trusts this key, but the "mboot-official" build does not trust it.

vmware_esx67 - This is a "phony" version of VMware's official private
key that is used to sign ESXi VIBs and early boot modules.  The
modulus and public exponent are valid, so it can be used as a public
key, but the private key components are not valid and so the key
cannot be used for signing.  When checking the signatures of early
boot modules, esx-boot's "mboot-official" build trusts this key.

------------
Expired keys
------------

elfsign_test - Similar to test_esx67, but this key expired in 2020 and
thus is no longer usable for signing.  When checking the signatures of
early boot modules, esx-boot's "mboot-official" build does not trust
this key, but the "mboot-test" build does trust it.

vmware_esx40 - Similar to vmware_esx67, but this key expired in 2017.
When checking the signatures of early boot modules, esx-boot's
"mboot-official" build trusts this key.
